further north in Gaza there's been a
major attack in Gaza
City Witnesses capture the moment of
impact of an Israeli air strike in a
residential area the health Ministry
says at least 48 people have been killed
across Gaza in the past day and that
takes the total number of Palestinians
killed to more than 34,000 including
145,000 children T abum is joining us
now from RA in the south of the Gaza
Strip
um tell us about the latest air strikes
across the Gaza Strip in the past few
hours and their
aftermath yes the latest Israeli attacks
on the Gaza Strip have been directed
towards the N part where the Israeli
artillery alongside with the figh Jets
have been bounding the eastern part of
jabalia refugee camp as they are
attacking agricultural lands in these
areas alongside that the military has
has been attacking theah neighborhood
alongside with the sh area that had been
widely hit with artillery Shields where
a number of residential houses being
completely destroyed in that particular
part of Gaza but the reality is that
more attacks also have been carried out
in the middle areas in the past couple
of hours where seven Palestinians have
been reported killed in anarat a refugee
camp all of the victims are from the
same family Amed in the far south of the
territory here in Rafa within the past
24 hours is at least 19 Palestinians
have been reported killed including 14
children but we have been also hearing
from Israeli media reports alongside
with the military spokesperson of the
army that the Israeli military chief of
staff had passed plans uh for further
military operations in the southern
territories alongside that their
military troops on the ground have been
operating in order to prepare the field
for more potential operations that could
be carried out within the coming weeks
and that's really matches what the
Israeli military has been doing in the
past couple of days in arfa has they
have been intensifying the military
attacks on residential areas alongside
that they have been also giving orders
for a number of uh residents to flee
from certain parts of the anarat refugee
camp as a part of their ongoing
operations on the ground but clearly we
have been seeing International
humanitarian organizations have been
sitting up makeshift T tents in the city
of Kan in a large in large numbers could
be a sign also for evacuating
Palestinians from the far south here in
Rafa but yet the Israeli military has
been not taking that step practically on
the ground but more signs looming on the
horizon regarding this a step which will
definitely will bring a catastrophic and
unspeakable humanitarian catastrophe
across the territory okay T thank you
we'll check in with you a little later
thank you for that reporting from RA in
Gaza make sure to subscribe to our
channel to get the latest news from aler